So at this point we already covered
a lot of important essentials about GitHub Actions
and you are already able to write
your first more meaningful GitHub Action workflows.
Now, there are two last concepts I want to explore
as part of this section before we then dive way deeper
into GitHub Actions in all the other sections.
And the first concept I wanna explore,
is the concept of having multiple triggers.
Thus far, we always only had one simple trigger.
Now let's say, we don't just wanna trigger this Workflow
if we push to this Repository
but we instead also wanna allow ourselves
to manually trigger this workflow in the future.
If that's our goal, we can wrap this here
in square brackets, this event name
and add workflow-dispatch as a second event
because that's that event that allows us to
trigger this workflow manually.
And of course, we can add as many other events
here as we want.
So that's a quick
and easy way of adding multiple event triggers.
With this changed, I can again create a commit,
added multiple events and push this to GitHub.
And you will notice that now that this was pushed,
it of course still executes automatically
because we still had a push event here.
But if I take a look at this workflow by clicking on it,
I now also have this Run Workflow button,
which allows me to trigger it manually.
And I can do this here
even if the previous workflow execution is still running.
Now I got both executions running to be precise,
they're both queued at the moment
and they will eventually be executed.
Here we go.
Now they are both running simultaneously.
It's worth noting that this execution here is coming
from me manually starting it.
And this first execution was triggered
because we pushed to this Repository.
So that's how we can use multiple events as triggers.
Now we can actually (indistinct) configure these triggers
in way greater detail.
We can, for example
configure that only for pushes to specific branches.
This workflow should be triggered, which could make sense
if you only wanna run your tests
and deploy the website if we're pushing to the main branch,
but not if we're pushing to other branches.
But that's something we'll explore
in the next course sections, where we dive way deeper
into GitHub Actions.